History of Ledgers
* Subjective Ledgers in Tribes
* 25,000 Years ago started using currencies

Properties of Money

Money Fallacies

Tribes wanted to trade between each other, need a universally accepted scarce ledger. Gold was scarce enough to serve as a ledger has all properties of money

Best Ledger we have currently takes Billions of dollars to take out of the ground process, then lock back underground securing it with money again


Bitcoin was Introduced in 2009
*Solved a very hard problem, how do you get a large group of people to agree on a single set of data. Turns out you need atleast 51% of people in agreement to accomplish this, their are alot more details that go along with this.
*Bitcoin is a single set of data, this data is a ledger of what address can sign which unspent outputs.
* Everyone shares the same set of data, agrees on who owns what. No one single entity can modify this data. Worse case scenario is 51% of the entire network using Bitcoin colludes and is only able to double spend transactions (Send money to two people at one time)
* Decentralized verifiable ledger which no single point of failure exists
* Worst case scenario can never modify previously hashed Bitcoin blocks, your wealth can never be modified unless by you.
* Transactions are Cheap, Instant, Pseudonymous
* This shared ledger is a chain of transactions that creates a trusted third party entity we can refer to as the 'blockchain' which clients in the network rely on to verify values and if transactions are valid. Thier now is no need for central clearing houses or middle men.

Bitcoin Ledger Money Qualities comparison to gold

Problem is Technology is evolving so fast
Banks are not evolving with us
Similar to the situation of Postal Service and Email

Bitcoin Transactions are simpler, safer, and cheaper than Credit or Debit transactions with centralized points of failure and trusted third party entities

2011
US Dollars
In turn buy Bitcoin again Cycle
Alpaca Socks

Now
No single good or service you cant buy with bitcoin
Nearly can use Bitcoin to acquire most every type of good on the internet
Not many physical stores accept bitcoin, much like Wifi Hotspots being put in only a few places now you cant go through inhabited areas without seeing wireless signals.

Bitcoin will be really successful in the 2018-2020 timeframe
I say this for a variety of reasons primarily
10 year average technology adaption cycle
Transation volume for Bitcoin is indicitive of this supports growth mirroring 

Nerds in 1995 were predicting we would primarily socialize on the internet. People laughed at this idea, and liked the internet to being something like as successful as Fax machine, all the itnernet does is just transfer data like a fax machine.

These same people are precicting 10 years banks would be replaced by open source software and strong cryptographic protocols in 2008-2010

These same people are prediction <40 years Government functions could be replaced by open source software. Land Registry, Courts (Contracts), Home Ownership, Vehicle Ownership.
Governement maintains series of ledgers for the public.

Somethings to think about, With the Internet
Current generation using a new technology only use that technology to replace existing uses they already have. Voice over IP, Email, File Transfers Protocols that mimic existing 
Next generations uses that new technology does not try to replace existing infrastructure and they just use the new technology too develop amazing new things. (Google, Facebook, Uber, Twitter, Github)